Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Harry Kane can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luis Alberto Suárez Díaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Robert Lewandowski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edinson Roberto Cavani Gómez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Karim Benzema can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ciro Immobile can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Romelu Lukaku can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mauro Emanuel Icardi Rivero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zlatan Ibrahimović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gonzalo Gerardo Higuaín can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gareth Frank Bale can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edin Džeko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mario Mandžukić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luka Jović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Arkadiusz Milik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Timo Werner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Borja Iglesias Quintas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francisco Alcácer García can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Álvaro Borja Morata Martín can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sébastien Haller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabio Quagliarella can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Radamel Falcao García Zárate can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego da Silva Costa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rodrigo Moreno Machado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lourival Adnan Beretta Barbosa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea Belotti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Iñaki Williams Arthuer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Willian José da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aritz Aduriz Zubeldia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Olivier Giroud can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mario  Barwuah Balotelli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bas Dost can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luuk de Jong can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cédric Bakambu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamie Vardy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Duván Zapata can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lautaro Martínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josef Alexander Martínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alassane Plea can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yussuf Yurary Poulsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gerard Moreno Balagueró can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wout Weghorst can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lisandro López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bafétimbi Gomis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcos Javier Acuña can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luis Roberto Dálves can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Segundo Mandíquez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolò Barella can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Krzysztof Piątek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moussa Dembélé can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Santiago Mina Lorenzo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maximiliano Gómez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lorenzo Morón García can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ante Rebić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Callum Wilson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moanes Dabour can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wayne Mark Rooney can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
André-Pierre Gignac can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jorge Molina Vidal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charles Dias De Oliveira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas David Pratto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fyodor Smolov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Givanildo Vieira de Souza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio Enrich Ametller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simone Zaza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Raúl Alonso Jiménez Rodríguez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jaime Mata Arnaiz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moussa Marega can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Raúl de Tomás Gómez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wesley Moraes Ferreira da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
André Miguel Valente da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Richarlison de Andrade can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michy Batshuayi Tunga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Alario can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mariano Díaz Mejía can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mbwana Ally Samatta can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Karl Brillant Toko Ekambi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joshua King can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Haris Seferović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo Carrilho Baptistão can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Burak Yılmaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mathieu Debuchy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin-Prince Boateng can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ángel Luís Rodríguez Díaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Modeste can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nikola Kalinić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristhian Ricardo Stuani Curbelo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Salomón Rondón Giménez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Ángel Valdés Díaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
艾克森 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enrique García Martínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ishak Belfodil can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Caligiuri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Luís Mendes Andrade can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Arturo Bacca Ahumada can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abderrazak Hamdallah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Darío Benedetto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dyego Wilverson Ferreira Sousa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francisco das Chagas Soares dos Santos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Denis Lemi Zakaria Lako Lado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jean-Philippe Mateta can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joelinton Apolinário de Lira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gaëtan  Laborde can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Davie Selke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Divock Origi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Gregoritsch can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aleksandar Mitrović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andy Delort can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vincent Paté Aboubakar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mark Uth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mbaye Diagne can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Guillaume Hoarau can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Guno Babel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felipe Salvador Caicedo Corozo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dieumerci Mbokani Bezua can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Javier Hernández Balcázar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Troy Deeney can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nils Petersen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sandro Wagner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Nii Tackie Mensah Welbeck can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ashley Barnes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Artem Dzyuba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alan Douglas Borges de Carvalho can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Ginczek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alfreð Finnbogason can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Santiago Damián García Correa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jorge Djaniny  Tavares Semedo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo Pavoletti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Germán Ezequiel Cano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Omar Al Soma can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aluísio Chaves Ribeiro Moraes Júnior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Cutrone can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giovanni Pablo Simeone can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Antonio Sanabria can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enes Ünal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emmanuel Okyere Boateng can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominic Calvert-Lewin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Borja Mayoral Moya can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea Petagna can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gastón Rodrigo Pereiro López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
João Paulo Dias Fernandes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Wood can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Niclas Füllkrug can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rubén Sobrino Pozuelo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Lasagna can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
João Alves de Assis Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Klaas-Jan Huntelaar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Darío Cvitanich can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jefferson Agustín Farfán Guadalupe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vedad Ibišević can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Graziano Pellè can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bradley Wright-Phillips can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Glenn Murray can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcus Berg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Loïc Rémy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giovanni Sio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alan Kardec de Souza Pereira Junior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Odion Jude Ighalo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daryl Janmaat can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gustavo Leonardo Bou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Teemu Pukki can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Johnathan Aparecido da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cenk Tosun can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Guido Burgstaller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Youssef El Arabi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rogelio Gabriel Funes Mori can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio León Limones can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roger Martí Salvador can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Facundo Ferreyra can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Marušić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ramón Ábila can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio Guardiola Navarro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Estevão Daniel Formoso Serpa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moise Kean can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Breel-Donald Embolo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tammy Abraham can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Donyell Malen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gedson Carvalho Fernandes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fedor Chalov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ignacio Pussetto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kasper Dolberg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Youssef En-Nesyri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gonçalo Mendes Paciência can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marko Livaja can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jürgen Locadia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jhon Córdoba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Florin Andone can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Callum McGregor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danny Ings can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Manolo Gabbiadini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John Guidetti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luiz Phellype Luciano Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rodrigo Aliendro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jermain  Defoe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jimmy Briand can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oscar Wendt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roberto Soldado Rillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mario Gómez García can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Gustavo Sand can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo de Matos Cruz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dušan Basta can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jay Rodriguez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jozy Altidore can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ola Toivonen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jean-Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simon Terodde can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ádám Szalai can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andre Gray can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jackson Martínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giovanni Moreno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Teófilo Gutiérrez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roberto Inglese can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolai Jørgensen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emmanuel Gigliotti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Raúl Mario Ruidíaz Misitich can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dwight Gayle can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enner Valencia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Badou Ndiaye can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dênis Rubens Stein Rebelo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
小林 悠 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Nwakaeme can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ángelo Damián Vera can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sandro Tonali can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Fernández Luna can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alfredo José Morelos Aviléz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Landry Dimata can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Kouamé can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francisco José Beltrán Peinado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michel Vlap can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rémi Oudin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alberth Elis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Camilo Hernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ezequiel Ponce can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcus Thuram can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yves Bissouma can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ezequiel Ávila can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pierre Kunde Malong can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ludovic Ajorque can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vedat Muriqi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Omar Kharbin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Borja González Tomás can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Krmenčík can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pape Moussa Konaté can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Castillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan Javier Rodríguez Portillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vincent Janssen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Fassnacht can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josip Drmić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francisco Sol Ortiz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Claudio Miguel Pizarro Bossio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lukas Podolski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hugo Rodallega Martínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martin Harnik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Papiss Demba Cissé can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefano Okaka Chuka can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ola  Williams Kamara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oscar René Cardozo Marín can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dame N'Doye can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andy Carroll can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Konstantinos Mitroglou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Benteke Liolo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matteo Darmian can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ricky van Wolfswinkel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alberto Paloschi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francesco Caputo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yannick Bolasie Yala can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathas de Jesus Maurício can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Davide Santon can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aleksandar Prijović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Éderzito António Macedo Lopes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enrique González Casín can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wilfried Guemiand Bony can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gaëtan Charbonnier can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martin Braithwaite can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mattia Destro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Javier López Rodríguez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charlie Austin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Ayew can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Franco Daniel Jara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Blandi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Łukasz Teodorczyk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Federico Javier Santander Mereles can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Darlington Nagbe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabrício dos Santos Messias can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Valère Germain can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alfredo Donnarumma can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hillel El Arbi Soudani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leandro Fernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Júnior Fernandes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Robert Berić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julio Furch can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Guido Carrillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
André Luís Gomes Simões can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicholas Júlio Aldair Leal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Léandre Tawamba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pedro Vaquizo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan David can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Djibril Sow can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Victor James Osimhen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Odsonne Edouard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emanuel Cecchini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Isak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lebo Mothiba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Albian Ajeti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Lammers can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oliver McBurnie can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Che Adams can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Bassogog can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bruno Petković can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Habib Diallo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anwar El Ghazi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roger Martínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Harold Fabián Preciado Villarreal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jean-Pierre Nsame can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Loïs Diony can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Cavallini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felipe Mora can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Khouma El Hadji Babacar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andreas Evald Cornelius can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Gabriel González Espínola can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stéphane Bahoken can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Angel Romero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Henry Josué Martín Mex can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gustavo Ezequiel Blanco Leschuk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oribe Peralta Morones can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Billy Sharp can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Shane  Long can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moussa Sow can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Luis Sanmartín Mato can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kaiansu Kei Kamara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mevlüt Erdinç can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Federico Rafael González can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rouwen Hennings can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matías Gustavo Alustiza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bruno Fornaroli Mezza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcel Risse can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Milton Joel Caraglio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabian Klos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diafra Sakho can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leandro Damião da Silva dos Santos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ilija Nestorovski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lukas Hinterseer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Camilo da Silva Sanvezzo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leigh Griffiths can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lorenzo António Melgarejo Sanabria can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Queiroz de Oliveira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Harlem-Eddy Gnohéré can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
André Hahn can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Florian Niederlechner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Édgar Felipe Pardo Castro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wilson David Morelo López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Silvio Ezequiel Romero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Islam Slimani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edgar Antonio Méndez Ortega can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrés Chávez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sabin Merino Zuloaga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hélton Luiz Celanova Vieira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erick Ronaldo Gameira Carvalho can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matheus Jadson Vidigal Morais can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nuno Miguel da Costa Jóia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fernando Matías Zampedri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Douglas Chagas Matos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Makhete Diop can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enrique Gallego Puigsech can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erling Braut Håland can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Javier Puado Díaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dawid Kownacki can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Okereke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anastasios Donis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mariusz Stępiński can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chuba Akpom can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Peter Oladeji Olayinka can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Franco Soldano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jhonder Leonel Cádiz Fernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Sørloth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Isaac Success can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steve Mounié can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Umut Bozok can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Dinenno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marc Navarro Ceciliano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amaral Alves Marcos Vinicius can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roman Yaremchuk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enzo Crivelli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Walter Ariel Bou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yaya Sanogo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ahmed Hassan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Olarenwaju Ayoba Kayode can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kenan Karaman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan Agudelo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Santos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamiro Gregory Monteiro Alvarenga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Robert Glatzel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mick van Buren can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mikael Ishak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
황의조 Ui Jo Hwang can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felipe Nicolás Avenatti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Federico Macheda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rachid Alioui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fernando Aristeguieta can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jean-David Beauguel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giovanni Di Lorenzo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Casimir Ninga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kodjo Fo-Doh Laba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mauricio Ricardo Pinilla Ferreira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Arouna Koné can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Igor Angulo Albóniga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Claudiu Andrei Keșerü can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Leonardo Ulloa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tiago Manuel Dias Correia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charlie Daniels can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lewis Grabban can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jelle Vossen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Demba Ba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Vokes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tim Matavž can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián César Helios Ribas Barbato can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samuel Di Carmine can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dayro Mauricio Moreno Galindo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ronny Rodelin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan Kodjia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Caiuby Francisco da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nélson Miguel Castro Oliveira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Björn Bergmann Sigurðarson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kamil Wilczek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hernán Barcos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastian Polter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alan Pulido can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
석현준 玄铉俊 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Esteban Paredes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Miguel Ángel Guerrero Martín can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Ujah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Javier Fabián Toledo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Antonio Manuel Luna Rodríguez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pablo Chavarría can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Barry Douglas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bogdan Stancu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ivan Strinić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nemanja Nikolić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anderson Patric Aguiar Oliveira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kalifa Coulibaly can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastian Andersson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
El-Hadji Baye Oumar Niasse can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roman Zozulya can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Souleymane Doukara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gianluca Lapadula can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adis Jahović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Laurent Depoitre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
金崎 夢生 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ayron Del Valle Rodríguez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danilo Moreno Asprilla can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonatan Cristaldo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Federico Melchiorri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Evandro Sérgio Rochedo Paulino can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Andrés Peralta Barrios can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mehdi Taremi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Alfárnez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erick Lardero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andreas Skov Olsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benjamin Tetteh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luca Vido can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrián Marín Gómez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Florian Ayé can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alberto Cerri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Serhou Guirassy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Braian Samudio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aaron Leya Iseka can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marc Cardona Rovira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Léa Siliki can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gastón Nicolás Reniero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Vinícius Alves Morais can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Efthymios Koulouris can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Ferney Otero Tovar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jack Harper can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
鈴木 優磨 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jacinto Muondo Dala can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stipe Perica can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mohamed Kanno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Smail Prevljak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Muñoz Muñoz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Artem Besedin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriel Fernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marvin Ducksch can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Bamford can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexandre Mendy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anderson José Lopes de Souza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pierre-Yves Hamel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Britt Assombalonga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Frey can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Alegría Moreno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo B. Lohner Maia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefano Moreo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Famara Diedhiou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Guanca can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yohan Boli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adriàn Dalmau Vaquer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Höler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giorgi Kvilitaia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolas Moumi Ngamaleu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexandre Garcia Guedes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdulla Yusuf Helal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Markus Henriksen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mame Baba Thiam can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Javier Correa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thiago Santos Santana can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luke Ayling can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Robert Žulj can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcello Trotta can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andreas Voglsammer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gyasi Zardes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Renaud Emond can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simeon Tochukwu Nwankwo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aleksandar Pešić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Octavio Rivero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kaveh Rezaei can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Markus Rosenberg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giampaolo Pazzini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ken Reichel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cyril Théréau can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio Floccari can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Federico Dionisi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabio Giovanni Ceravolo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gustavo Adrián Ramos Vásquez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lukas Jutkiewicz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Ciofani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mario Gavranović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eren Derdiyok can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David McGoldrick can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcelo Martins Moreno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Claudio Beauvue can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Barrios can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Milan Škoda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nolan Roux can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Orlando Carlos Braga de Sá can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Massimo Coda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Deniz Kadah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mame Biram Diouf can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lex Immers can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roberto Carlos Gutiérrez Gamboa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ante Budimir can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Riccardo Meggiorini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Libor Kozák can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Álvaro Giménez Candela can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kristiano Samuel Armenteros Nunez Mendoza Jansson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hélder Tiago  Pinto Moura Guedes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julian Schieber can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
興梠 慎三 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ilombe Mboyo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Falcinelli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Flavio Emmanuel Lopes Paixão can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stanislav Tecl can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
지동원 池东沅 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marco Jhonnier Pérez Murillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mickaël Le Bihan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Gytkjær can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Welthon Fiel Sampaio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aron Jóhannsson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yoann Touzghar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ivan Santini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrew Wooten can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Júlio Carolino Tavares can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marco Grüttner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Frédéric Mendy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
George Țucudean can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián Sáez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Jhon Ander Rangel Valencia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Leonardo Castro Cortés can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan Copete can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fernando Márquez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Menéndez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Viðar Örn Kjartansson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Martín Lucero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo Javier Ramos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Walter Elias Silvieiro Borges can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josué Durval da Feira Cunha can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paulao Paulo Junqueiras Couto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nilson Rafael Vilela de Brito can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rômulo Roberto Calsede Caiado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Karlan Grant can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patson Daka can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rafael Mir Vicente can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ignatius Ganago can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Taiwo Awoniyi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
João Diogo Alves Rodrigues can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Suleiman Abdullahi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pascal Köpke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Guilherme Schettine Guimarães can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jack Marriott can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Obbi Oularé can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
George Pușcaș can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Óscar Estupiñán can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bubacarr Trawally can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Baptiste Guillaume can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mauro Manotas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Theoson Jordan Siebatcheu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ihsan Sacko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hendrik Weydandt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bryan Angulo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sean Maguire can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paul Ebere Onuachu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tim Kleindienst can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joel Pohjanpalo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lys Mousset can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Morris can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cyle Larin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jon Bautista Orgilles can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Leguizamón can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
André Filipe Coelho Pereira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ohikhuaeme Anthony Omoijuanfo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ángel Zaldívar Caviedes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aboubakar Kamara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
豊川 雄太 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martin Hašek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christoffer Nyman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Rubén Lozano Colón can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ángelo Henríquez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ángelo Nicolás Sagal Tapia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emil Berggreen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Junior Gabriel Arias Cácerers can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ayrton Preciado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fernando Andrade dos Santos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patricio Cucchi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kenneth Dahrup Zohorè can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benik Afobe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bobby Shou Wood can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sander  van de Streek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adama Niane can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rijad Bajić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Václav Kadlec can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lennart Thy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
William Alves de Oliveira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Uroš Đerić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Isaac Kiese Thelin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Serdar Dursun can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samuele Longo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leandro Nicolás Díaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Garro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ezequiel Rescaldani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Hugill can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Björn Maars Johnsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Igor Alberto Rinck de Camargo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Santiago Martín Silva Olivera can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jérémy Perbet can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danny Graham can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chinedu Obasi Ogbuke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicklas Bendtner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Henok Goitom can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matteo Ardemagni can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alessandro Matri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rui Pedro da Rocha Fonte can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martyn Waghorn can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ömer Hasan Şişmanoğlu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Rhodes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Siem de Jong can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Filip Đorđević can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Artem Kravets can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adama Valentin Diomande can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gianluca Litteri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ariel Gerardo Nahuelpán Osten can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bengali-Fodé Koita can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dejan Sorgić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
김신욱 金信煜 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio Dutra Júnior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Santos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andreas Weimann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christoph Moritz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ibrahima Baldé can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nikola Đurđić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rodrigo Ríos Lozano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dejan Lekić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Luís Moreno Barroso can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bekim Balaj can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alejandro Rodríguez de Miguel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander  Toft Søderlund can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simon Zoller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Ignacio Herrera Pérez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rafael Guimarães Lopes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Texeira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcus Antonsson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Apostolos Giannou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dom Dwyer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Youssouf M'Changama can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dan Nicolae Nistor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ángelo José Rodríguez Henry can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patricio Rodolfo Rubio Pulgar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Claudio Riaño can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Albertengo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pablo César Velázquez Centurión can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian López Santamaría can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Florian Sotoca can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Henk Veerman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John Edison Mosquera Rebolledo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kévin Fortuné can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Túlio Sebastião Sandoiro Baumer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea Pinamonti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Myron Boadu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Hložek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ikoma Loïs Openda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Silas Wamangituka can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kwang Song Han can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rey Manaj can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominic Solanke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jean-Victor Makengo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Güven Yalçın can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ayaz Guliev can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio Córdova can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Igor Zlatanović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriele Moncini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brian Mansilla can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jeremy Ebobisse can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Claudio Spinelli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amer Gojak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Boulaye Dia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Asier Villalibre Molina can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ignacio Jeraldino can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felix Platte can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Florian Kamberi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Igbekeme can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcus Ingvartsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Arnaud Lusamba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Cosgrove can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Elvir Koljić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Florin Durmishaj can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mauro Caballero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Uroš Đurđević can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolas Haas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Ibáñez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yusupha Njie can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ademilson Braga Bispo Júnior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Georgios Giakoumakis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tomáš Chorý can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Håvard Kallevik Nielsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zinho Gano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leke James can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Eduardo Dos Santos João can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mamadou Sylla Diallo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Connor Wickham can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdón Prats Bastidas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Youssoufou Niakaté can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
杉本 健勇 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benjamin Jeannot can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Idriss Saadi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Branimir Hrgota can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Scott Hogan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ernesto Torregrossa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yannick Gomis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jovan Stojanović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luis Conderia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Umut Bulut can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Davide Moscardelli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emanuele Calaiò can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leon Clarke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
郜林 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Víctor Manuel Casadesús Castaño can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Le Fondre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steven Fletcher can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cameron Jerome can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kyle Lafferty can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sami Allagui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fraizer Campbell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mirko Bruccini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ânderson Miguel da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrés Ríos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Raúl Bobadilla can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gianni Bruno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lasse Vibe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kolbeinn Sigþórsson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wellington Luís de Sousa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcelo Alejandro Larrondo Páez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sloan Privat can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stephan Hain can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zaur Sadaev can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mustapha Yatabaré can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mustafa Pektemek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mouhssine Iajour can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Esswein can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Manuel Schäffler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moestafa El Kabir can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lyle Taylor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danny Hoesen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marvin Pourié can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
内田 篤人 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mario Rondón can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Idrissa Sylla can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Petar Škuletić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Will Grigg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pascal Testroet can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lacina Traoré can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ángel Baltazar Sepúlveda Sánchez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mauro Quiroga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea La Mantia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Álvaro Vázquez García can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Elias Kachunga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matthías Vilhjálmsson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Duvier Orlando Riascos Barahona can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luís Leal dos Anjos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pietro Iemmello can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ronnie Alan Fernández Sáez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Caicedo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martín Cauteruccio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martín Barragán Negrete can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fanendo Adi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leandro Marcos Pereira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yacine Bammou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcos Daniel Riquelme can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edder Farias can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Severino Pedro Santos Hermes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo Fabio Castro Loaiza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Ramirez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dever Orgill can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Keita-Ruel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Valdes Giraldo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Musa Barrow can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Timothy Weah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maximiliano Romero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stiven Plaza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ricardo Márquez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ibrahima Niane can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Juan Macías can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dejan Joveljić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Janni-Luca Serra can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cheick Timite can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexis Vega can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emmanuel Apeh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonas Wind can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Blessing Eleke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eamonn Brophy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriel Alonso Suazo Urbina can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lazaros Lamprou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dylan Vente can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Bareiro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Denilson Pereira Junior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zander Mateo Cassierra Cabezas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Silvère Ganvoula M'boussy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marc Gual Huguet can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edwar López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ashley Fletcher can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gustav Engvall can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Strandberg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yakou Meité can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
João Klauss de Mello can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kwasi Okyere Wriedt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gaetano Monachello can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lukas Spalvis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Cruz Kaprof can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Mesa Travieso can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joseph Amoah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bruno Pereira Mendes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alejandro López de Groot can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mohamed Buya Turay can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
知念 庆 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Zreľák can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erick Estéfano Torres Padilla can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Saido Berahino can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Iván Rubio Kostner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdel Slem Billel Omrani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Guillermo Fernández Hierro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Borys Tashchy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mohamed Lamine Yattara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kenan Kodro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamie Maclaren can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Umut Nayir can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
铃木 武藏 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luiz Philipe Lima de Oliveira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kacper Przybyłko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dimitris Diamantakos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Douglas Willian da Silva Souza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan Bolingi Mpangi Merikani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John Marquis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Agudelo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Bradshaw can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Richard Boateng can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mike van Duinen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lars Veldwijk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Johannes Wurtz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jón Daði Böðvarsson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tobías Figueroa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mattia Montini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefan Mugoša can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Crislan Henrique da Silva de Sousa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Johnson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matías Rodrigo Campos López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nikola Stojiljković can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Borja Galán González can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brayan Alexis Fernández Garcés can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yuri de Souza Fonseca can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
大久保 嘉人 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Matías Licht can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Wondolowski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Javier Acuña Caballero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joe Garner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
İlhan Parlak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rúrik Gíslason can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edgar Bruno da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dejan Damjanović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Te Se Chong can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tomáš  Necid can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
张呈栋 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Vera can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ande Dona N'Doh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Riccardo Maniero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michiel Kramer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gary Madine can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andy King can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Guillermo Federico Molins Palmeiro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leandro Carrijo da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rudy Gestede can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Manuel Barreiro Bustelo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aziz Bouhaddouz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gleidionor Figueiredo Pinto Júnior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Artur Sobiech can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Duje Čop can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erik Falkenburg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jael Ferreira Vieira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Blacha can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Collins can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Niccolò Giannetti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabio Mazzeo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Denis Alibec can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Douglas da Silva Vieira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Hoban can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Will Bruin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
C.J. Sapong can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Héber Araújo dos Santos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ahmed Ali Kamel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tomer Hemed can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Insaurralde can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Darren Mattocks can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Magnus Eriksson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
永井 謙佑 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felipe Ignacio Flores Chandia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leandro Iván Benegas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maximiliano Urruti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rodrigo Salinas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Auzqui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maikel Mesa Piñero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Armando Sadiku can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enrique Luis Triverio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mate Maleš can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luiz Fernando da Silva Monte can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erdem Özgenç can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lee Gregory can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luís Miguel  Coimbra Aurélio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hugo Alejandro Héctor Vilches Manuguian can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rodrigo Cunha Pereira de Pinho can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabian Schleusener can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
川又 堅碁 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
渡邉 千真 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sandeiro Luan Leal Neto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Beck can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hamadi Al Ghaddioui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cory Burke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Manuel Balda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michele De Agostini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amine Gouiri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ahmed Kutucu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fábio Daniel Soares Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abel Ruiz Ortega can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Kouan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sandro Lauper can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo Candellone can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gorka Guruzeta Rodríguez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Denis Drăguș can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea Favilli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Saša Kalajdžić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Václav Drchal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ivan Toney can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cedric Teuchert can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ivan Šaponjić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kaj Sierhuis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Raphael Dwamena can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo Miramar Rocha can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Getúlio Silva Timoteo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Gallagher can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Federico Bonazzoli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Antonino La Gumina can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
João Lamine Jaquité can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Antonio Martínez López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aliou Badji can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wilfried Kanga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ferdy Druijf can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maximiliano Salas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Daniel Arango Duque can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vittorio Parigini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Romera Andújar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Grejohn Kyei can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Alberto Ibargüen Hinojosa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Evangelos Pavlidis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moussa Koné can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dani de Wit can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cauley Woodrow can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrija Novakovich can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Buksa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rivaldo Vítor Borba Ferreira Jr. can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Walter Rodrigo González Sosa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Fernando Lemos Cortés can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrian Grbic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Orsini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cyriel Dessers can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pelle van Amersfoort can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Babacar Gueye can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Bedia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sory Kaba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
北川 航也 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Caleb Ekuban can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Blondell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Corey Baird can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Friesenbichler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
João Miguel Ribeiro Vigário can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Judson Silva Tavares can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Komnen Andrić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dennis Srbeny can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gonçalo de Almeida Gregório can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lazarous Kambole can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josh Vela can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Said Ahmed Said can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrés Rentería can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Filip Raičević can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mario Barco Vilar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cebio Soukou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oussama Darfalou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maximiliano Comba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Haris Vučkić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Karl Holmberg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Federico Oscar Andrada can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Jeremejeff can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marc McNulty can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominique Badji can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mayron Antonio George Clayton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christoph Monschein can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mihai Bordeianu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Eaves can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Denis Thomalla can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Elvis Manu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Édson Rivera can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amidu Salifu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrew Nabbout can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alhassane Keita can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ognjen Mudrinski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fábio Gonçalves Abreu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cris Robert Martínez Escobar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benjamin Girth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Souleymane Camara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
정조국 郑兆国 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
이동국 李东国 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Nugent can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zlatko Dedič can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oriol Riera Magem can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steve Morison can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Behrang Safari can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
오범석 吴范锡 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Colin Kazim-Richards can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carmelo Enrique Valencia Chaverra can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Pilkington can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danny Hylton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
肖智 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tomáš Pekhart can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hal Robson-Kanu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eduardo Herrera Aguirre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Arreola Argüello can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josh Magennis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mads Reginiussen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alfredo Ortuño Martínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gianmarco Zigoni can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Mortensen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nabil Bahoui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Milan Đurić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charlison Benschop can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Norwood can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Borja Viguera Manzanares can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danny Ward can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Louis Elliott Moult can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adriano Grimaldi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Teal  Bunbury can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eric Larsson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nick Proschwitz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Collin Quaner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Liam Boyce can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrey Galabinov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gaëtan Courtet can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matt Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Muñoz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
최영준 财杨钧 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Elia Soriano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Frączczak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bruno Daniel Castro Moreira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ever Milton Cantero Benítez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jefferson Andrés Duque Montoya can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Antonio Llanos Almonacid can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Philipp Zulechner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rémy Dugimont can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefan Kutschke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kieffer Moore can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexandru Mateiu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom van Weert can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Mario Mazzola can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pål Alexander Kirkevold can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matty Taylor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stanislav Iljutcenko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Javier Andrés Parraguez Herrera can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adão Douglas Morrinhos Paes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Douglas Arthur Silbeira Martins can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonaldo Kauã Santoso Jasper can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michalis Manias can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Getterson Alves dos Santos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enzio Leandro Julião Morrinhos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Malik Tchokounté can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Augustine Mulenga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
藤本 憲明 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rubilio Castillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pietro Pellegri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jann-Fiete Arp can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julián Carranza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josh Sargent can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lukas Nmecha can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David José Gomes O. Tavares can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hugo Duro Perales can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Germán Berterame can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ermedin Demirović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Randy Nteka can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luis Javier Suárez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Víctor Campuzano Bonilla can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thierry Ambrose can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Karol Świderski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Escriche Romero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Djordje Jovanović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aké Loba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anderson Oliveira Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ben Close can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ramón Miérez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mërgim Berisha can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martin Graiciar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Agustín Fontana can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nathaël Julan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Iury Lirio Freitas de Castilho can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simone Palombi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christopher Ramos de la Flor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felix Lohkemper can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
William Omar Duarte Figueroa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jay-Roy Grot can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ondřej Mihálik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián Ferreira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Iván Orellana Acuña can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Uche Ikpeazu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ronan David Jeronimo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marko Kvasina can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
张玉宁 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rodrigo Holgado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aaron Seydel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bryan Henning can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefan Milošević can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gerson Rodrigues Gouveia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cayetano Quintana Hernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Osayamen Osawe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lorenzo Valerio Rosseti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Clément Depres can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jarosław Niezgoda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daouda Karamoko Bamba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
奥奈 武 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Colmán can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Piotr Parzyszek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bright Edomwonyi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Frantzdy Pierrot can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jayden Stockley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luc Castaignos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kristoffer Barmen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chukwuemeka Ademola Amachi Aneke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Shawn Parker can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jefferson Nogueira Junior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Melano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Mendoza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simone Rapp can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Victorio Gabriel Ramis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Filip Rogic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Santy Ngom can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zakaria Naidji can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonson Clarke-Harris can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Philipp Hofmann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián Rincón Lucumí can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francesco Forte can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pieros Sotiriou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Friday Eze can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Torgeir Børven can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jacques Zoua Daogari can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefano Pettinari can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Weverson Leandro Oliveira Moura can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Conor Washington can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
송승민 宋晟敏 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paul Gladon can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mihai Roman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Philani Zulu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Barral Torres can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrei Cristea can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daryl Murphy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Scott  McDonald can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felice Evacuo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erwin Hoffer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Vaughan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Federico Piovaccari can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brett Pitman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Baldock can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Iriome González González can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kieran Agard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Elliott can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Martin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tommy Høiland can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ched Evans can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emir Kujović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Atdhe Nuhiu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francisco José Sandaza Asensio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zdeněk Ondrášek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adaílton dos Santos da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Pontius can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Viktor Lundberg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Murray Davidson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Billy Kee can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Airam López Cabrera can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Winnall can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simon Makienok Christoffersen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Riccardo Bocalon can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ciprian Ioan Deac can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Łukasz Gikiewicz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mitchell te Vrede can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sven Schipplock can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicklas Helenius can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mathias Fetsch can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adriano Montalto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martin Pušić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luis Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mart Lieder can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samuel Rosa Gonçalves can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Muhannad Asiri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cassiano Dias Moreira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Vallejos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
César Augusto Arias Moros can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luis Carlos Ruiz Morales can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián Óscar Jaime can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jorge Matías Donoso Garate can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sandro César Cordovil de Lima can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Pablo Gómez Vidal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fakhereedine Ben Youssef can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
木热合买提江·莫扎帕 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oscar Fernando Salinas Aguilar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Huentelaf can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
吕文君 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriel Ávalos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Feiver Mercado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ramon Lopes de Freitas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
長泽 骏 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
武富 孝介 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jesper Christjansen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex Charles Doneiro Gomes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Claudio Ever Silbeiro Martins can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marc Heider can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alon Turgeman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Behrens can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Romário Santos Pires can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ezequiel Cérica can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
鈴木 孝司 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jesus Ferreira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lassina Traoré can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tomás Sandoval can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moussa Sylla can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Miguel De la Fuente Escudero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adolfo Julián Gaich can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Gomes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josh Maja can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thomas Buitink can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josh Dasilva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nick Venema can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrián Portero Carrasco can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Franco Troyansky can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cedric Itten can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José de Jesús Godínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Valentin Costache can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Khalid Hachadi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zian Flemming can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián Galani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mason Bennett can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fejiri Okenabirhie can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Younes Bnou-Marzouk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nikos Vergos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oliver Abildgaard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alessandro Rossi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Schmidt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrian Petre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edo Kayembe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samuel Mraz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josepablo Monreal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Riccardo Moreo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlton Morris can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Kammerbauer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
유주안 Ju An You can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Miguel Ángel Merentiel Serrano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samuel Dias Lino can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Wilson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ronaldo Peña can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Larry Angulo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emeka Friday Eze can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdulfatah Adam can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brian White can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fashion Sakala can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steve Lawson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Facundo Pons can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tomislav Štrkalj can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Shamar Nicholson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mikael Uhre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gervane Kastaneer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Manuel Santos Fortes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aïssa Laïdouni can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Nasim Succar Cañote can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simón Moreno Barroso can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marco Antonio Bueno Ontiveros can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominic Samuel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Saleh Khalid Al Shehri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matthew Palmer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dino Islamovic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cedric Omoigui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Demba Camara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mauricio Asenjo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alessandro Capello can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oskar Zawada can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julius Düker can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonas Nietfeld can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Imoh Fred Friday can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jafar Arias can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Röser can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Badr Boulahroud can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marco Djuricin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Davit Skhirtladze can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charlie Wyke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Isaac Vassell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdoulaye Sané can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thibaut  Vion can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kyle Vassell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nuha Marong Krubally can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Manuel García can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sindrit Guri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oussama Abdeldjelil can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lautaro Parisi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kwang Ryong Pak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Boere can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Freddie Ladapo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Iván Bulos Guerrero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Doidge can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Dwane Salazar Jr. can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Omar Bogle can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
渡 大生 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gadji Celi Carmen Junior Tallo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stevie May can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex Schalk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dylan De Belder can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fantamady Diarra can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Per Frick can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Érik Correa Villero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pablo González can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tesho Akindele can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luciano Guaycochea can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amidou Diop can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lukian Araújo Almeida can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luca Strizzolo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel  Omoya Braaten can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steven Whittaker can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gareth Evans can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fredrik Nordkvelle can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roy O'Donovan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Miguel Linares Cólera can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ronnie Schwartz Nielsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicky Maynard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Massimiliano Pesenti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Rooney can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Karamoko Cissé can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
伊藤 翔 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ridge Munsy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Philip Haglund can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Romain Armand can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anders K. Jacobsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matt Godden can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michele Marconi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Umberto Eusepi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
董学升 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andy Cook can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pascal Schürpf can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vitor Gomes Pereira Júnior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Miguel Ángel Sansores Sánchez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sefa Yılmaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maciej Jankowski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yacine Qasmi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Geir André Herrem can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John Verhoek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Peñailillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mehmet Akyüz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael de Leeuw can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Philipp Hosiner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nathan Júnior Soares de Carvalho can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mohammad Ibrahim Al Sahlawi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bart van Hintum can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rabyi Mohammed Sufyani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefan Dimitrov Velev can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marwan Mohsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diogo da Silva Farias can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
주민규 朱文奎 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lassana Doucouré can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thomas  Lehne Olsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan Lopera Jiménez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Humberto Escobar Ortiz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Isaac Alejandro Díaz Lobos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mauricio José Yedro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián Esteban Varas Moreno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián Pol can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
田中 順也 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Agustín Vuletich can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kristian Fardal Opseth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Flavio Ciampichetti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mario Bilate can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danilo Manuel Sacrio Dano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
豊田 陽平 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luis Erick Marleiro Neves can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabian Serrarens can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Vélez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nemanja Bilbija can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lyle Foster can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio Camello Pérez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Borja Garcés Moreno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Žan Celar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Sleiker Cásseres Yepes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Metehan Güçlü can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tyrese Campbell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordi Escobar Fernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joël Piroe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yusuf Mert Tunç can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Walter Ponce can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Haji Wright can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Raúl José Asencio Moraes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Goduine Koyalipou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Manuel Wintzheimer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Iván Morales can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Timur Zhamaletdinov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Keinan Davis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Surridge can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steven Nicanor Prieto Morales can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Florian Krüger can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Argyris Kampetsis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
上田 綺世 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabian Reese can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joey Konings can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adil Taoui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Georgiy Melkadze can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oliver Rathbone can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Shkelqim Demhasaj can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Neftali Manzambi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brian Martín Pagés can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Tell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Törles Knöll can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mender García can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stephen Odey can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kemal Ademi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamie Lindsay can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stephen Humphrys can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo Vaca can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moses Opondo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Norberto Briasco can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
胡靖航 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Héctor Hernández Marrero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julian Günther-Schmidt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio Buenacasa Alba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
西村 拓真 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leandro Putaro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Asier Benito Sasiain can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Romario Moise can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Claudio Morra can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
M'Bala Nzola can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Kühlwetter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Patrick Dear Hamilton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
나상호 那尚昊 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marko Kolar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Augusto Lotti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Connor Krempicki can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ahmed Abdu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sekou Gassama Cissokho can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
William Togui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Devante Cole can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joe Pigott can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charalampos Lykogiannis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdulrahman Al Ghamdi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rodrigo Contreras can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Valmir Sulejmani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominic Baumann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vamara Sanogo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mo Eisa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Claudio Medina Ricoy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julio Donisa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrija Luković can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
진성욱 陈成昱 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alhaji Kamara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Higinio Marín Escavy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Grégoire Lefebvre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sinan Bakış can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bevic Moussiti-Oko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Schmidt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ricardo Jorge Silva Rodrigues can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ionuț Biceanu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio Ruiz Alonso can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luis Madrigal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kayden Jackson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vincent Vermeij can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Jackson-Hamel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Castro García can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Khiry Shelton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Keshi Anderson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steffen Lie Skålevik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francesco Margiotta can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdiel Arroyo Molinar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriel Cristian Iancu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Facundo Barceló can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jesús Hernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ugo Bonnet can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Caolan Lavery can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mohammed Al Saiari can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergiu Florin Buș can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lukas Görtler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Curtis Main can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nadir Çiftçi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giacomo Beretta can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ellis Harrison can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pascal Breier can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pape Sané can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eduardo Pérez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marko Simonovski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edis Ibargüen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabian Herbers can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samir Nurković can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jay Bothroyd can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paweł Brożek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ronny König can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Albert Bunjaku can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Olivier Occéan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adebayo Akinfenwa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamie Mackie can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
René Gartler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simon Cox can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luke Varney can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdoulrazak Boukari Fafadji can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Goran Karanović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rodolfo Antonio Zelaya García can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Timo Röttger can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
杨旭 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sascha Mölders can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John Akinde can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Arnór Smárason can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paddy Madden can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mustafa Abdellaoue can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan Chiedozie Obika can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yazalde  Gomes Pinto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Quincy Obina Amarikwa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lee Novak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Grzegorz Kuświk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Frank Nouble can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jake Jervis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Viktor Prodell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dario Tadić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Issiaka Ouédraogo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Soufian Benyamina can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Valencia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ahmed Issa Koro Koné can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lukas Grozurek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patryk Tuszyński can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dimitry Imbongo Boele can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea Tabanelli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Timmy Thiele can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
永井 龍 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
이광선 李光善 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hazaa Ibrahim Al Hazaa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriel Vargas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luciano Nequecaur can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Mullins can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marc Kibong Mbamba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Borja Lázaro Fernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Łukasz Sekulski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roque Alfredo Caballero Marecos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moses Ogbu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
石原 直樹 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
赤﨑 秀平 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hiroyuki Takasaki can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Davide Djily Diaw can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
竹内 涼 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andri Rúnar Bjarnason can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ante Erceg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luis Alfonso Ledesma Galán can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jon Ander Pérez Ruiz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Cherchez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Toyofumi Sakano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Troy Parrott can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roberto Piccoli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rhian Brewster can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Willem Geubbels can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ellis Simms can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lenny Pintor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cyrill Akono can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jovan Marković can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Díaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Virgiliu Postolachi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Iker Losada Aragunde can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aaron Anthony Connolly can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Franck Evina can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Muhammed Kiprit can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marco Tumminello can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jens Odgaard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alasana Manneh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felix Agu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vitalie Damașcan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lamine Diaby Fadiga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cyril Ngonge can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oğuzhan Akgün can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Renat Dadashov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ľubomír Tupta can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergio Moreno Martínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nazareno Bazan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Martín Valencia Morello can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrei Lupu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Miguel Ángel Gómez López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pablo Sabbag can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Lajud Martínez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrés Colorado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gianluca Scamacca can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Gómez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brandon Hanlan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Randal Kolo-Muani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christopher Mueller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dylan Wenzel-Halls can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mücahit Akçay can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ivann Botella can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Runar Espejord can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ragnar Ache can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Romain Basque can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lion Lauberbach can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gustavo Torres can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
André Ricardo Ferreira Schutte can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charles-Andreas Brym can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samuel Obeng can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mikkel Kallesøe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Hardie can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Elias Huth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abu Danladi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Malaly Dembélé can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edson Gutiérrez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jérémy Guillemenot can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rasmus Karjalainen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Hanslik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Laros Duarte can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oswal Andrés Álvarez Salazar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amadou Bakayoko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Phillip Tietz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brandt Bronico can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Deniz Undav can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Prince Osei Owusu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paul Ayongo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Neguț can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Long can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Boris Cmiljanić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ibrahim Sissoko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tshegofatso Mabasa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Justin Dhillon can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vlatko Stojanovski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Frans Dhia Putros can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ignacio Jáuregui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jari Oosterwijk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Romario Williams can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paolo Yrizar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sylla Sow can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Moreno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eduardo David Espiau Hernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mihai Voduț can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominic Poleon can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marko Maletić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefan Schimmer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Streli Mamba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rok Sirk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Kotei can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Hopper can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wesley Jobello can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nils Quaschner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamal Thiaré can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gaëtan Karlen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
王上源 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Malick Evouna can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
罗竞 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danny Rose can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brayan Perea can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan Beaulieu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jakub Vojtuš can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ángel García Cabezali can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Seifedin  Chabbi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yusuke Goto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan José Salcedo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enriko Papa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Flamur Kastrati can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mushagalusa Bakenga Joar Namugunga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wilson Antonio Cuero Llano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamie Proctor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gilbert Álvarez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Milan Jurdík can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luke Norris 'Hacker' can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Orhan Ademi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolai Brock-Madsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fernando Coniglio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Saliou Sané can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ollie Palmer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fitim Azemi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oliver Hawkins can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ruslan Babenko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yannick Mamilonne can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kohei Isa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lee Miller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steven MacLean can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonas Borring can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonathan Forte can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michal Papadopulos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Craig Davies can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominik Stroh-Engel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Bürger can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steven Davies can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Wordsworth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ritchie Kitoko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
배기종 裴文钟 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrew Williams can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Pope can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Reuben James Reid can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Karl Sheppard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fredrik Brustad can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erik Israelsson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
于大宝 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jean Romaric Kevin Koffi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John-Joe O'Toole can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
조동건 赵东建 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Domenico Germinale can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Clemens Walch can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Salvatore Caturano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mirko Eramo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Bowery can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juvhel Hama Tsoumou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Athanasios Papazoglou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Markus Pink can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Billy McKay can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joe Mason can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luka Tankulic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kwesi Appiah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Bowman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Petar Slišković can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David McMillan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefan Payne can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Medhy Guezoui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicky Ajose can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Galin Stefanov Ivanov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Urko Vera Mateos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joseph Mendes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wilmar Jordán Gil can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Terrence Boyd can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
李 忠成 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adama Sarr can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Armand Gnanduillet can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
阿部 拓馬 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dairon Estibens Asprilla Rivas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matteo Mancosu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rüfät Dadaşov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maurice Deville can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Wheeler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sven Kreyer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ignacio Herrera can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mickaël Diakota can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin van Veen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dêniro Rubens Prestes Cadete can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Alberto Tarragona can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dillson Robson Teixeiro Loto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
都仓 贤 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
朱建荣 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Philipp Hoffmann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mychell Ruan Da Silva Chagas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pablo Bueno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Milan Đurić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastiano Esposito can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Idah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrés Perea can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danylo Sikan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leon Dajaku can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eric Junior Dina Ebimbe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
임재혁 Jae Hyeok Lim can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Valentín Burgoa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Manasse Mampala can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Obafemi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oliver Shaw can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Haroune Camara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Facundo Colidio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Braian Ojeda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kouadio Manu Koné can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Salih Kavrazlı can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Justin Lonwijk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maicol Giovanny Medina Medina can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kazaiah Sterling can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brandon Vazquez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bismark Ngissah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mason Toye can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eduardo Aguirre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sterling Yatéké can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leandro Fernandes Cardoso can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcus Forss can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Herman Moussaki can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mihai Neicuțescu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thomas Alberti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joseph Nuttall can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gustaf Nilsson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominic Telford can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giacomo Vrioni can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yann Kitala can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Norberto Gomes Betuncal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Konan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maki Tall can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simon Banza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
이근호 Keun Ho Lee can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriel Salazar Rojo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Heinz Mörschel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Rodrigues da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Muhammet Akpınar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
João Pedro Sousa Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thomas Olivier Amang can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matheus Aias Barrozo Rodrigues can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kiril Despodov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrei Burlacu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gregory Karlen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dorian Caddy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pavol Šafranko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ross Stewart can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sven Köhler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Dambros da Silva can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rhys Healey can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
김건희 金健熙 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
René Guder can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Popa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrian Lapeña Ruiz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lee Erwin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex Samuel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bernd Gschweidl can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sessi D'Almeida can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Federico Anselmo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jerry Yates can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Deniz Hümmet can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Richie Laryea can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tony Rocha can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mickel Miller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Efkan Bekiroglu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stefan Pino can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samuel Nnamani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mikael Mandron can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
木下 康介 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Morgan Ferrier can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kasper Junker can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Conlon can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
泽上 龍二 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jan-Marc Schneider can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josh Gordon can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danny Mullen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mads Dittmer Hvilsom can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gerrit Wegkamp can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cătălin Țîră can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alhaji Gero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gregorio Luperini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
前田 凌佑 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ayo Simon Okosun can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yuriy Yakovenko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Désiré Segbé Azankpo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Shkodran Maholli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tobias Kainz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Kolev can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kurtis Guthrie can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jorge Luis Ramos Sánchez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Breitkreuz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Shaun Miller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Noé Maya Vilchis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martin Spelmann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Taylor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lenell John-Lewis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jeremy Brockie can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pádraig Amond can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nathan Delfouneso can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Daniel Hidalgo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Graham Cummins can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eoin Doyle can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Gardawski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adnan Ibrahem Falatah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
高迪 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
张驰 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Hanson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Karlsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oumare Tounkara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
박기동 朴基栋 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benjamin Stokke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
김효기 Hyo Gi Kim can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rory Gaffney can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Rose can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Georges Gope-Fenepej can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Meshari Al Thmali can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erik Hurtado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
César Andrés Amaya Solano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leonardo Pérez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
周云 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pedro Miguel Costa Ferreira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabiem Kel Jardim Ramos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
藤田 優人 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bendik Bye can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Danny Newton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
田依浓 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Sierra can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lukas Katnik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Koronkiewicz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Prakul Bhatt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Arthur Zagre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Reo Griffiths can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Albert-Nicolas Lottin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fraser Hornby can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joshua Zirkzee can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amadou Dia Ndiaye can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wilson Isidor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mateusz Bogusz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jan Mlakar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Afimico Pululu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bruce Anderson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Andrés Salazar Bustamante can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jørgen Strand Larsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julio Villalba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Otto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fernando Niño Rodríguez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bernard Patrick Ashley-Seal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gianluca Simeone can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcos Baselga García can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roberts Uldrikis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Viktor Gyökeres can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kristian Thorstvedt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matthias Phaeton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rodrigo Zalazar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Borja Llarena Barroso can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonah Osabutey can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kazim Çelik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matías Donato can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrián Szőke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Ballarin Correas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diogo Rafael dos Santos Almeida can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erik Wekesser can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emil Riis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patryk Klimala can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Óscar Arribas Pasero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Manuel De Luca can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Godfried Roemeratoe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
张修维 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Artem Dovbyk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabian Ahumada can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Fernando  Herazo Moreno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
George Miller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
食野 亮太郎 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marko Raguž can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eric Calvillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benjamin Källman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Makhtar Gueye can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rubén Enri Garcia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mark Sykes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brice Tutu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Schmidt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan David Victoria López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Antonio Di Nardo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tarsis Bonga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luca Pfeiffer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luigi Cuppone can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Viljar Helland Vevatne can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dan Agyei can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Shuaibu Lalle Ibrahim can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jakub Arak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Barlow can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Virgile Pinson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jonas Hildebrandt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yaw Ackah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benedikt Pichler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Kane can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Junior Morias can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Saleh Chihadeh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pierluigi Cappelluzzo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
George Oakley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Castañeda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastian Musiolik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Shawn McCoulsky can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jorris Romil can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rubén López Huesca can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Foster Langsdorf can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
山口 一真 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordi Sánchez Ribas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zakhele Lepasa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lee Angol can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felix Schröter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Harry Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cong Phuong Nguyen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Renzo López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Krzysztof Drzazga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kai Brünker can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Markus Ziereis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Garry Buckley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Conor Wilkinson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ian González Nieto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hugo Gabriel Silveira Pereira can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kaine Sheppard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brian Mwila can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabadhino Mhango can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tim Väyrynen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pedro Henrique Bueno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matías Pato can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Blaise Yaméogo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kirill Pogrebnyak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Frank Ohandza Zoa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erik Figueroa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kamil Zapolnik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julián Guevara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zoumana Koné can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexandru Buziuc can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emanuel Romero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aaron Wilbraham can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Porter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Don Cowie can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marc Richards can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Craig Mackail-Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Clayton Donaldson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Theo Robinson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brian Graham can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Calvin Andrew can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matt Simon can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jimmy Dean Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matt Green can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christian Gauseth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brek Shea can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Agon Mehmeti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rafał Kujawa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ajay Leitch-Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hassan Ali Al Raheb can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mark Cullen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dinny Corcoran can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marco Königs can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Ruud Tveter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mehmet Sak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Harold can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samir Ramizi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jhon Stiwar García Mena can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
孙世林 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex Fisher can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amahl Pellegrino can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joackim Olsen Solberg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hamad Al Juhayyim can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tiago Vanderlei Fagundes Fachini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Akseli Pelvas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcel Holzmann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hélton Fernando Carvalhal Lima can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
André Riel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maxime Biamou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Patricio Cisternas Tobar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea Saraniti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael López can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrian Bălan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Piscopo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniele Ferretti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daishawn Redan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sandro Kulenović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roberto Carlos De La Rosa González can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rayhaan Tulloch can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Naoufal Bannis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lassana N'Diaye can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maurice Malone can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Élie Youan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ayo Akinola can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moussa Djitté can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vinni Triboulet can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pape Ndiaga Yade can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Alejandro Henríquez Mandiola can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Beltrán can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián Pedroza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rafael Tresaco Blasco can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Gragera Amado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Folivi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mateo Retegui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrian Șut can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Krauß can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Allahyar Sayyadmanesh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Meris Skenderović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erdon Daci can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nils Fröling can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fatih Kaya can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jesús Vargas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Francisco dos Santos Júnior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bassala Sambou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anton-Leander Donkor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aramide Oteh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Clément Bayiha can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cleilton Monteiro da Costa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anthony Roczen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Luis Sierra Pando can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andreas Helmersen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
George Ganea can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paweł Tomczyk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
田川 亨介 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Peter Godly Michael can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Courtney Baker-Richardson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Victor Adeboyejo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
이승모 Seung Mo Lee can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andre Bava Shinyashiki can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Murat Saglam can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mohamed Mara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Elijah Adebayo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christoph Daferner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aleksandar Vucenovic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kwame Kizito can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Eberwein can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamie McDonagh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Arnel Jakupović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael De Marchi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Filip Piszczek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Murray can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Steininger can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
钟晋宝 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
김보섭 金奉徐 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yohan Brun can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mikey Drennan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Giuliano Passerini can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kyle Wootton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
矢島 紀一 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Philipp Nsiah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lorenzo Sorrentino can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Pablo Ruiz Gomez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edwin Maanane can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Majed Kanabah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hasan Hüseyin Acar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
郭皓 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sami Can Keskin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cody Cooke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ivar Sollie Rønning can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
김수안 金勇辰 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Scott Wilson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aaron Amadi-Holloway can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Cortés can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michele Currarino can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris O'Grady can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Soares can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael McGlinchey can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giles Coke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Vržogić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
雷永驰 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Søren Frederiksen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rafał Siemaszko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Felix Adjei can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ole Amund Sveen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mohammed Majrashi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
박의성 朴熙胜 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamille Matt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christie Elliott can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ely Ernesto Lopes Fernandes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mark O’Sullivan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gavin Reilly can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ismail Isa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Szymon Lewicki can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Endre Kupen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yanis Begraoui can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Elias Sørensen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paul Glatzel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aaron Hickey can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cole Bassett can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dusan Vlahovic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Scott can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabrice Hartmann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gassan Ahadme can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eetu Vertainen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Edmondson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Cannavò can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrés Ayala can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Timothé Nkada can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carlos Kevin Omoruyi Benjamin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrew Dallas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paul Omo Mukairu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastián Lomónaco can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erik Botheim can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Álvaro Verda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mikkel Kaufmann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastian Soto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bridge Ndilu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Idris Kanu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriele Gori can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mouhamed Menaour  Belkheir can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Martin Minchev can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Luan dos Santos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rúben Miguel Valente Fonseca can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vincenzo Pinto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Callum Hendry can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdullah Al Hamdan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tomás Oscar Badaloni can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benjamin Hadžić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aldo Maiz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
George Lapslie can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francesco Puntoriere can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcus Mølvadgaard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ahoueke Denkey can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yari Otto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Malik Batmaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Damir Ceter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jaber Asiri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Richie Musaba can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Johan Valencia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrew Jung can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ali Hassan Al Asmari can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ibrahima Koné can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdulrahman Al Yami can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stephan Schimandl can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
JJ Williams can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Antón Escobar Tapiias can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Offrande Zanzala can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matt Butcher can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrei Tîrcoveanu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Denys Balanyuk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Abella can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Anton Kanther can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marvin Temp can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lars-Jørgen Salvesen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francis Atuahene can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Gurrola can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Robbe Decostere can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jacobo Escobar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erik Engelhardt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dong Won Lee can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Erdinç Karakaş can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ransford Selasi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aaron Collins can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Olufela Olomola can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ángel Sánchez Baró can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Fierro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea Bianchimano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yohann Magnin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriel Debeljuh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marcus Barnes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leandro Contin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Fernández can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Waleed Hezam Al Anazi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
손석용 宋世勇 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Javier Siverio Toro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benedict dos Santos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christy Manzinga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emmanuel Dieseruvwe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ronan Coughlan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Pineda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rubén Sánchez Pérez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Darell Tokpa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amando Moreno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Colby Bishop can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
George Blackwood can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
ジャーメイン 良 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joe Ironside can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Alabi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paul Mullin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jeppe Friborg Simonsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Johan Gómez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Bigler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cole Stockton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dejan Bozic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bojan Čečarić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
铃木 雄斗 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adi Yussuf can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jhord Bayron Garcés Moreno can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
王维成 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Frantz Pangop can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucian Dumitriu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matt Harrold can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
朱挺 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Peter Vincenti can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Christopher Clements can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eugeniu Cebotaru can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wojciech Łuczak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Nichols can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jacob Blyth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lino Waldemar Maldonado Gárnica can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
陈杰 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mazen Ali Abu Shararah can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Cruz Franzoni can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Slavko Perović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kamal Bafounta can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julian von Moos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gastón Verón can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jader Andrés Valencia Mena can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ruben Geeraerts can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Juan Cruz Zurbriggen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alfie McCalmont can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rayan Philippe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emil Bohinen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Daly can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mauro Valiente can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aldom Deuro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José Barreto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yassin Fortune can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Francis Baptiste can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cammy MacPherson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giovanny León can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Davide Merola can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Isa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eduardo Banda can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriel Mazuela can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Connor Hall can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Loft can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jens-lys Cajuste can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrés Ariza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patryk Szysz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simon Janssen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Parkhouse can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mathew Stevens can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Raul Gavîrliță can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pelle Hoppe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolai Vallys can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Freddy Quispel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Natanael Ntolla can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrián Herrera González can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
하승운 Seung Un Ha can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Victor Ekani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Muhammet Sait Özvardar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Angus Thurgate can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charles Vanhoutte can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hüseyin Cakmak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thijs Dallinga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Wintle can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Willem Tomlinson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sveinn Aron Guðjohnsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vinícius Ferreira Dias can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Santiago Patiño can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luke Armstrong can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andre Wright can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdulaziz Al Aryani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Boris Mathis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alper Önal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Olaf Nowak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lucas Calderón can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ethan Zubak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Filip Lesniak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
André Södlund can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julian Kristoffersen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kristoffer Velde can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brayan Rojas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cedric Euschen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dylan Dugourd can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Richard Sila can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
In-Pyo Oh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
桂宏 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andre de Jong can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Maher Mohammed can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ayoub Ouhafsa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Saleh Al Abbas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jibril Bojang can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brandon Goodship can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolas Baeza can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
刘洋 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Niki Jackson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moses Mawa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tsvetelin Chunchukov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hallam Hope can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Elliott Whitehouse can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Carr can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Assan Ceesay can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
高嘉润 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samed Ali Kaya can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ashley Nadesan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yousef Omar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
张一 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mahmoud Eid can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Even Østensen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gary Shaw can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Vadaine Oliver can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bartłomiej Kalinkowski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kenny Athiu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paul O'Vich can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jabo Ibehre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Chris Kelan Beardsley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ishmael Miller can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
宮崎 智彦 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Riemann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
史亮 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
张璐 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
宋文杰 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andreas Albers Nielsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nsima Peter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Romeo Parkes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ștefan Blănaru can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Randhir Jayaraman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cesar Villagra can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Diego Echeverri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gianni Azzinnari can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jomaine Consbruch can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mateusz Żukowski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paul-Philipp Besong can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Antoine Semenyo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mathias Jørgensen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Preslav Borukov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Noble Okello can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Njegoš Kupusović can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Robin Kehr can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charlie Kelman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
천성훈 Seong-Hoon Cheon can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Félix Tomi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Léo Leroy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sergej Grubac can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eric Hottmann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giuseppe D'Anca can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mitchell Candlin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Noah Awuku can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Callum Lang can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Glen McAuley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Leutrim Kryeziu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Justin Rennicks can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lassine Sinayoko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Murat Sevimler can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giovanni McGregor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Max Harrison Sanders can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Butterworth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luca Gagliano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luc Ihorst can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tajon Buchanan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mésaque Geremias Djú can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tyler Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Iván Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrei Dumiter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Lidin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jhon Fredy Miranda Rada can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Graham can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Panutche Amadu Pereira Camará can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mons Bassouamina can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
原 大智 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nelson Balongo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John Björkengren can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex Jakubiak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicholas D'Agostino can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Udoh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Robbie McCourt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jack Keaney can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sidy Keba Coly can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oliver Šarkić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thomas Amilivia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lassana Diako can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jacob Gardiner-Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kristoffer Hoven can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Conor Levingston can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominik Reiter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marian Târșă can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Blaž Kramer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thibault Rambaud can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marco Stefandl can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Harold Estupiñan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Macauley Bonne can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Omari Patrick can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Burak Kavlak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emil Holten can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kieran Wallace can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gary O'Neill can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marios Ogkmpoe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thore Baardsen Pedersen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Roscrow can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Guillermo Murillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eoghan Stokes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
高华泽 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sindre Mauritz-Hansen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gordon Wild can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sondre Liseth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marvin Geran can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
José de Jesus González can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Magnus Blakstad can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Swan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brian Wright can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benedikt Zahn can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nathan Boyle can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ethan González can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Archer can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristóbal Marín can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
李圣龙 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Ellison can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
李本建 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Facundo Emmanuel Melivillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John Popelard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yevhen Radionov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Santiago Giménez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mikael Tørset Johnsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josh Neufville can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ramiro Ruiz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Izaack Powell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jimmy Knowles can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Robert Harker can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bryan Lasme can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stan Van Dessel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Enrico Del Prato can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Jamieson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ömer Uzun can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rekeil Pyke can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
James Morton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Callum Morton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Victor Glaentzlin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nawaf Al Farshan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mounaim El Idrissy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominik Steczyk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Hallam can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
İlker Karakaş can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marvin Kokos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Victor Olatunji can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tristan Abrahams can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sami Ben Amar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oladapo Afolayan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Levin Wanner can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tate Schmitt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Falah Waleed can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steven Boyd can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Antonio Ramírez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Devante Rodney can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex Fletcher can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Ammitzbøll can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
安井 拓也 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Denis Jäpel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Karol Stanek can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mergim Laci can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eleuterio Jiménez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yusuf Türk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea Tripicchio can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Steve Shamal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Scott Allardice can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Georgie Kelly can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolas Hunziker can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cian Coleman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bowen Huang can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
林 大地 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Charles Vernam can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jake Beesley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Orhan Vojić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Apostolos Stamatelopoulos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dong Kyung Lee can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amadou Konaté can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
イサカ ゼイン can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Will Collar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
苏缘杰 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
姚均晟 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hassani Dotson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adebayo Azeez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jermaine Hylton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
中山 仁斗 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daryl Fordyce can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luka Mijaljevic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jacob Borg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Richie Bennett can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jesse Weißenfels can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kristoffer Askildsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jamie Semple can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Firas Al Birekan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Justin Roth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dion Sanderson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oscar Aga can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tyreece John-Jules can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adrian Benedyczak can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luka Marković can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Albie Morgan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Dumitru can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Virgil Gomis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexander Ahl Holmström can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Javier Almerge Viñuales can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexandru Zaharia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex Bradley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Keane Lewis-Potter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
정치인 郑治仁 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Cordero can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Mushitu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kasper Waarst Høgh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Corey O'Keeffe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Nombe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
吴少聪 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastian Pedersen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jason Law can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Patrick Okonkwo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Isaac Olaofe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Benji Michel can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ibrahim Karamoko can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Philippe Paulin Keny can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cem Sabanci can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Pizarro can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Muteb Al Hamad can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Amar Hodžić can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daniel Guadalupe López Valdez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michał Trąbka can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marokhy Ndione can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
王子铭 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ali Al Hassan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
김지현 Ji Hyun Kim can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nattawut Suksum can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edi Sylisufaj can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jon Gallagher can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Baixu Xiang can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
樋口 雄太 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
杨万顺 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex Addai can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rhys Oates can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hussain Ali Al Jasim can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adam Bergmark Wiberg can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Edward Morillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Watson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
David Moyo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
명준재 Joon Jae Myeong can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John Mary can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
John Russell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
杨一虎 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Stephen Walker can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rumarn Burrell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sotiris Alexandropoulos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Innes Cameron can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Antonio Alejandro Díaz Campos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jan Łoś can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Adebayo-Smith can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Harvey Knibbs can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Iván Ibáñez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kastriot Imeri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Emil Varhaugvik Breivik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jared Khasa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
藤井 陽也 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dylan Ruiz-Diaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nikolas Dyhr can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Mellado can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Josh Koroma can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jordan Ponticelli can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrew Scott can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
松本 大弥 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yoyo Mahdy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Richie O'Farrell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
石井 快征 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Victor Boniface can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matias  Leiva Arancibia can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Niklas Jahn can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
山谷 侑士 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrew Owusu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
徐天源 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexandre Ippolito can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matty Gillam can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sebastian Strózik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
平墳 迅 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Fabián Cantillo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jostein Ekeland can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
内田 拓哉 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Camilo Díaz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jake Walker can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Hassan Vergara can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nathan Ferguson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lyndon Dykes can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Giuseppe Chirullo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Byrne can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yerko Rojas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
钟义浩 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ellis Iandolo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
高天意 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
李浩文 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
조재완 Jae Wan Cho can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
赵英杰 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Herman Geelmuyden can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Ackermann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Aziz Salah Binous can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alfonso Ocampo-Chavez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dany Cattin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jack Hamilton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Morten Frendrup can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael Howard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joachim Rothmann can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andreas Bruus can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Connor Metcalfe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Moudi Najjar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Peter Buch Christiansen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ricky German can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Florian Yonsian can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Miro Muheim can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Deon Moore can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Teodor Berg Haltvik can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eric Asomani can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex O'Neill can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Conor Davis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
박성민 Sung Min Park can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bailey Thompson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tobias Lauritsen can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Olle Edlund can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yanis Barka can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tommy Wood can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pablo Cárdenas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Artur Balicki can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kielen Adams can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Taulant Sulejmanov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andrea Vassallo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ahkeem Rose can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joey Breitfeld can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Roman Campbell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Angelo Campos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Brandon Lauton can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dale Gorman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Noha Sylvestre can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kevin Martin Krygård can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
深堀 俊平 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nestor Muñoz can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alex Reid can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
毛昊禹 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Piotr Krawczyk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Harry Cardwell can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
张文涛 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
靳辉 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Julian Vazquez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Filip Brattbakk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mustapha Fofana can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ronan Darcy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ensar Arslan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tician Tushi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oleg Gorin can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tim Prica can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
George Alexander can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tianyu Guo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dominik Kother can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Junior Burban can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
照山 颯人 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yann Kasaï can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
George Cîmpanu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eduardo Zapata can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Thomas Oluwa can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Michael O'Connor can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ben Seymour can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Joel Grodowski can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Nicolás Gutierrez can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sander Werni can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cristian Măgerușan can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Wallace Duffy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
雷文杰 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Senad Jarovic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gabriel Sarria can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
铃木 吉竹 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Abdullah Al Meqran can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mansour Al Muwallad can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Boris Babic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Daiver Vega can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mason Bloomfield can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
이동희 Dong Hee Lee can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jason Cowley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
冯伯元 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Gastón Poncet can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
TJ Bramble can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jin Su Seo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Darian Males can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryan Teague can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jhan Carlos Cuero Solis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Yeferson Andrés Contreras Villamizar can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Liam Smyth can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oscar Pettersson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Can Karatas can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Simon Bækgård can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
伊斯坎达·布格拉汗 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kyung Min Mun can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kamar Moncrieffe can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Tom Knowles can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Momodou Touray can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Andronicos Georgiou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Matías Ormazábal can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Magnus Hee Westergaard can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alexandru Popescu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Paweł Żyra can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jefferson Solano can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sean McDonald can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Marius Ștefănescu can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
懂洪麟 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
叶楚贵 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
金波 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Bryan Reynolds can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Samuele Mulattieri can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Augustus Kargbo can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Oliver Haurits can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lewis Reilly can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Adil Titi can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Keighran Kerr can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Eddie Brown can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Owen Dale can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Filip Møller Delaveris can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ryuhei Yamamoto can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Jake Young can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alec Byrne can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Luke Haines can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rieves Boocock can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Pelle Mattsson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Sam Bennett can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Loue Bayere Junior can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zsombor Veress can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Carl Björk can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mads Halsøy can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Don Deedson Louicius can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Max Watters can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Niall Watson can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
黄聪 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Niall McGinley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Dean Walsh can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Harvey Saunders can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ziya Alkurt can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Slavi Spasov can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
De'Marlio Brown-Sterling can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Seung Yeop Lee can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Ruel Sotiriou can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Klaidi Lolos can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
何宇鹏 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Safet Alic can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Lamin Jagne can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Isac Häggman can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Zilei Jiang can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Kyle Hawley can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Mathies Skjellerup can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
谢维军 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
周挺 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
陶强龙 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Cameron Painter can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
单欢欢 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Rowan Roache can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Connor Heath can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
Alessandro De Angelis can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
白井 陽斗 can substitute for the position ls, Left striking position, which is a(n) attacker position. 
